Tongtong is my fault
I'm causing you trouble again.
It's not your fault.
What are you apologizing for?
I know you didn't really want to drive me away just now
Do you think there is an outsider like me?
Brother Xiaoyu can't say some things normally, right?
I really don't want you to go
But I've been arguing with him recently.
Oh, I know Tongtong.
Do you think there are outsiders?
You and Xiaoyu don't have time to make out
If I leave now, I'll be on fire
Forget it.
Hey, he's been very cold to me lately.
inexplicable
When was the last time you did that?
We haven't talked since the last fight
Well, you should make the most of your weekend
You say
Yueyue, please help me
Well, that's not easy.
You two go to the hotel for a weekend to spend time alone
Enhance the relationship
I'll book you a hotel
Will it work? Trust me.
I will definitely give you an unforgettable weekend.